{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\kerning1\f0\fs22\lang1033 End User License Agreement\cf0\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT BEFORE INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE PROGRAM. \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE CONTACT HIBERNATING RHINOS LTD AT \cf0\lang1033\par
{\cf1\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK HTTP://WWW.HIBERNATINGRHINOS.COM }}{\fldrslt{HTTP://WWW.HIBERNATINGRHINOS.COM\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf1\f0\fs22\lang9  TO ARRANGE A FULL REFUND.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 This software program, and any files that are delivered to you by Hibernating Rhinos Ltd (via on-line transmission \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 or otherwise) to "patch," update, or otherwise modify the software program, as well as any printed materials and any \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 on-line or electronic documentation (the "Manual"), and any and all copies and derivative works of such software program \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 and materials (collectively the "Software") are the copyrighted work of Hibernating Rhinos Ltd, or its suppliers and \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 licensors (collectively referred to herein as "Licensor"). All use of the Software is governed by the terms of this\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 End User License Agreement ("License Agreement" or "Agreement"). The Software is distributed solely for use by authorized \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 individuals or entities according to the terms of the License Agreement. Any use, reproduction or redistribution of the \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 Software not expressly authorized by the terms of the License Agreement is expressly prohibited.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 1. Ownership.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9      A. All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Software and all copies thereof (including, \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      but not limited to, any titles, computer code, artwork, any related documentation, executable code, shared libraries,\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      proprietery computer protocols  and "applets" incorporated into the Software) are owned or expressly licensed by Licensor. \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      The Software is protected by the copyright laws of Israel, international copyright treaties and conventions, and other laws. \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      All rights are reserved. The Software may contain certain licensed materials, and the licensors of those materials may enforce \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      their rights in the event of any violation of this License Agreement.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9      B. Each license purchased for this Software allows once instance of the Software to be used. You may not use multiple instance of \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      the Software without obtaining, in advance, a new license or licenses for the new instance or instances and/or express written permission \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      from Hibernating Rhinos Ltd. You may only permanently transfer ownership of the Software and all parts thereof, and \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      all of your rights and obligations under the License Agreement, to another individual or entity, once you have notified Hibernating Rhinos Ltd. \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      In this case Hibernating Rhinos Ltd will issue a license for the new individual or entity once it has been established that old instance is no \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      longer in use.\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      C. For the specific case of license(s) purchased for redistribution of this Software as part of licensees products, no notification to Hibernating \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9      Rhinos Ltd. shall be required and the license shall automatically transfer so long as the old instance is not in use by licensee.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 2. Responsibilities of End User.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 Subject to the Grant of License hereinabove, you may NOT, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, translate, reverse engineer, \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 derive source code, modify, disassemble, decompile, or create derivative works based on the Software, or remove any proprietary notices \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 or labels on the Software, with the exception of the non-compiled source files provided with the Software, including but not limited to \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 template files and script files, which may be modified for use on the user specified in part 1 only. Failure to comply with the restrictions \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 and limitations contained in this Section 2 shall result in immediate, automatic termination of the license granted hereunder and may \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 subject you to civil and/or criminal liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may make one (1) copy of the Software and the Manuals \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 for archival purposes only.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 3. Termination.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 This License Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate the License Agreement at any time by (i) removing the Software from your \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 hard drive; and (ii) notifying Licensor of your intention to terminate this License Agreement. Licensor may, at its discretion, terminate this \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 License agreement in the event that you fail to comply with the terms and conditions contained herein. In such event, you must either take immediate \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 action to ensure that you are compliant with this License Agreement or cease all usage of the Software within 30 days from being notified of the\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 termination of License agreement by the Licensor. \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, all licenses granted herein shall immediately terminate.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 4. Limitation of Liability.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 NEITHER LICENSOR NOR ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 SOFTWARE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, IACCRUATE DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 ALL OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES. FURTHER, LICENSOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR THE LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PRODUCT DATA, LAYOUTS, TEMPLATES, ARTWORK, \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 PRICING AND OTHER INFORMATION STORED BY THE SOFTWARE. LICENSOR SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INTERRUPTIONS OF SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 ISP DISRUPTIONS, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE FAILURES OR ANY OTHER EVENT WHICH MAY RESULT IN A LOSS OF DATA OR DISRUPTION OF SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. Some countries and regions do not allow the exclusion or \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 5. Equitable Remedies.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 You hereby agree that Licensor would be irreparably damaged if the terms of this License Agreement were not specifically enforced, and therefore you agree\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 that Licensor shall be entitled, without bond, other security, or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to breaches of this \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 License Agreement, in addition to such other remedies as Licensor may otherwise have available to it under applicable laws. In the event any litigation \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 is brought by either party in connection with this License Agreement, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be entitled to recover from the other \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 party all the costs, attorneys' fees and other expenses incurred by such prevailing party in the litigation.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 6. Changes to the Agreement.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 Hibernating Rhinos Ltd reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add to, supplement or delete any of the terms and conditions of this \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 License Agreement when Hibernating Rhinos Ltd upgrades the Software, effective upon prior notice as follows: Hibernating Rhinos Ltd will post notification \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 of any such changes to this License Agreement on the HibernateRhinos.com website and will post the revised version of this License Agreement in this location, and \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 may provide such other notice as Hibernating Rhinos Ltd may elect in its sole discretion, which may include by email, postal mail or pop-up screen.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 If any future changes to this License Agreement are unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in compliance with this License Agreement, you may \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 terminate this License Agreement in accordance with Section 3 herein. Your installation and use of any updated or modifications to the Software following \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 notice of changes to this Agreement as described above will mean you accept any and all such changes. You may continue to use your pre-existing installation\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 of the Software under the original License Agreement, if you so notify Hibernating Rhinos Ltd. within 30 days of the change in the license. \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 Hibernating Rhinos Ltd may change, modify, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Software at any time. Hibernating Rhinos Ltd may also impose limits on \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 certain features or restrict your access to parts or all of the Software without notice or liability. You have no interest, monetary or otherwise, in any \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 feature or content contained in the Software.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 7. Miscellaneous.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 This License Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in Israel without regard to conflicts of law provisions, and any dispute arising hereunder\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 shall be resolved in accordance with the law of Israel. You agree that any claim asserted in any legal proceeding by one of the parties against the other shall \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 be commenced and maintained in Israel, having subject matter jurisdiction with respect to the dispute between the parties. In the event that any provision of this \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 License Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 permissible, and the remaining portions of this License Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This License Agreement constitutes and contains the entire\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 I hereby acknowledge that I have read and understand the foregoing License Agreement and agree that the action of installing the Software is an acknowledgment of my \cf0\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang9 agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the License Agreement contained herein.\cf0\lang1033\par
\par
\cf1\lang9 (c) 2008-2012 Hibernating Rhinos Ltd. All rights reserved. \cf0\lang1033\par
}
 